docs: clarify prefixed custom schema names in debug guide (#9606)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/debug-schema-names.md

Be careful. Snapshots do not follow this behavior if target_schema is set. To have environment-aware snapshots in v1.9+ or <Constant name="dbt" />, remove the [target_schema config](/reference/resource-configs/target_schema) from your snapshots. If you still want a custom schema for your snapshots, use the [`schema`](/reference/resource-configs/schema) config instead.

> ## Watch for prefixed schema names (for example, `public_silver`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prefixed schema names 
```

> When your profile `schema` is `public` and a model sets `+schema: silver`, dbt's default macro may build `{target.schema}_{custom_schema_name}` — producing relations such as `public_silver.stg_events` instead of `silver.stg_events`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dbt combines `target.schema` and `custom_schema`name` using the following pattern:
`{target.schema}_{custom_schema_name}`.

For example, when `target.schema` is `public` and a model sets `+schema: silver`, dbt builds the model in `public_silver`, not `silver`.

This behavior is intentional. Including `target.schema` helps prevent developers and continuous integration (CI) jobs from building into the same schema and overwriting one another’s relations.
```

> If you intend to land models in dedicated schemas (`silver`, `gold`), override `generate_schema_name` to return the custom schema directly when one is provided:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use dedicated schema names such as `silver` and `gold` in production, use the environment-aware `generate_schema_name_for_env` pattern described above. This pattern uses the custom schema name when `target.name` is `prod`, while retaining the target schema in development and CI environments.
```
